upgrade: Add documentation (#41067)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/admin/deploy/kubernetes/update.md

```bash
./kubectl-apply-all.sh
```

Monitor the status of the deployment to determine its success.

```bash
kubectl get pods -o wide --watch
```

### Multi-version upgrades

**Before performing a multi-version upgrade**:

- **Take an up-to-date snapshot of your databases.** We are unable to exhaustively test all upgrade paths or catch all possible edge cases in a customer environment. The upgrade process aggressively mutates the shape and contents of your database, and uncaught errors in the migration process or unexpected environmental differences may cause data loss.
- If possible, upgrade an idle clone of the production instance and switch traffic over on success. This may be low-effort for installations with a canary environment or a blue/green deployment strategy.
- Run the `migrator` drift detection on your current version to detect and repair any database schema discrepencies. Running with an unexpected schema may cause a painful upgrade process that may require engineering support. See the [command documentation](./../../how-to/manual_database_migrations#drift) for additional details.

To perform a multi-version upgrade on a Sourcegraph instance running on Kubernetes:

> 1. Spin down any pods that access the database. This must be done for the following deployments and stateful sets listed below. This can be performed directly via a series of `kubectl` commands (given below), or by setting `replias: 0` in each deployment/stateful set's configuration and re-applying.

Reviewer: ### ### 
```suggestion
1. Spin down any pods that access the database. This must be done for the following deployments and stateful sets listed below. This can be performed directly via a series of `kubectl` commands (given below), or by setting `replicas: 0` in each deployment/stateful set's configuration and re-applying.
```

  - Deployments (e.g., `kubectl scale deployment <name> --replicas=0`)
      - precise-code-intel-worker
      - repo-updater
      - searcher
      - sourcegraph-frontend
      - sourcegraph-frontend-internal
      - symbols
      - worker
  - Stateful sets (e.g., `kubectl scale sts <name> --replicas=0`):
      - gitserver
      - indexed-search
1. Run the `migrator upgrade` command targetting the same databases as your instance. See the [command documentation](./../../how-to/manual_database_migrations#upgrade) for additional details.
1. Now that the data has been prepared to run against a new version of Sourcegraph, the infrastructure can be updated. The remaining steps follow the [standard upgrade for Kubernetes](#standard-upgrades).

## Rollback

You can rollback by resetting your `release` branch to the old state and proceeding re-running the following:

```
./kubectl-apply-all.sh
```

> If you are rolling back more than a single version, then you must also [roll back your database](../../how-to/rollback_database.md), as database migrations (which may have run at some point uring the upgrade) are guaranteed to be compatible with one previous minor version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are rolling back more than a single version, then you must also [rollback your database](../../how-to/rollback_database.md), as database migrations (which may have run at some point during the upgrade) are guaranteed to be compatible with one previous minor version.
```

`rollback` is spelled without a space prior

  determine if an instance goes down.
- Database migrations are handled automatically on update when they are necessary.

## Database migrations

> > NOTE: The `migrator` service is only available in versions `3.37` and later.

Reviewer 2: This note makes it seem like multi-version upgrades only work from 3.37 and later, but internally we know it works much further back than that.  Are there docs for how to run this on older versions?

Author: Nah, this is outdated. We started releasing the migrator but needed it to be in lock-step with the instance version. We've since made it work based on input versions instead.

I'll be sure to remove or clarify.

Author: 758c8118e4f2
